Update Pi-Hole docs to explain Statistics Only (#25094)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/pi_hole.markdown

Please note, that during the integration set up, an API key can be provided.
Providing one, gives access to the Pi-Hole `disable` service and a switch

> to enable/disable Pi-Hole from Home Assistant. If you check "Statistics only" in setup then you will not be able to control the Pi-Hole.

Reviewer: Little fluff :) (telling what it will do, not just what it won't do).

```suggestion
to enable/disable Pi-Hole from Home Assistant. If you check "Statistics only"
during setup, then, you will not be able to control Pi-Hole, but only entities
providing statistical information are provided.
```
